Could you tell me how to get to the bus station?
I'm new to this town. Could you tell me how to get to the bus station?
Excuse me, but I have no idea how to get to the bus station.
Excuse me, could you tell me how to get to the bus station?
Do you know that old man?
Excuse me, do you know that old man sitting there?
No, sorry. Do you know that old man by the way?
Excuse me, can you tell me if you know that old man?
Do you know how much is this car costs?
Excuse me, I'm interested in buying this car. Do you know how much it costs?
Sorry. I'm not sure how much this car costs.
I am interested in buying a car. Do you know how much this one costs?
Do you happen to know where to buy an umbrella?
Excuse me, do you happen to know where to buy an umbrella?
Can you tell me what the time is?
Excuse me, can you tell me what the time is right now?
I’d like to know your name.
Excuse me, I'm sorry, but I don't know your name.
Excuse me, but I'd like to know your name, please.
I’d like to know what you think about this idea.
I value your opinion. I'd like to know what you think about this idea.
I don't really care what you think about this idea.
I have been working on a new project and I'd like to know what you think about this idea.
I wonder if you could tell me why the meeting was canceled?
I'm sorry, I was not informed about the cancellation. I wonder if you could tell me why the meeting was canceled?
I'm sorry, but can you please tell me why the meeting was canceled?
Excuse me, could you please tell me why the meeting was canceled?
Do you have any idea how to use this machine?
Excuse me, I'm new here. Do you have any idea how to use this machine?
I have never used this machine before. Do you have any idea how to use it?
Excuse me, do you have any idea how to use this machine?
Could you find out where she lives?
Excuse me, could you find out where she lives? I want to send her a gift.
I have no idea where she lives. Could you find out?
Excuse me, could you help me find out where she lives?
I’m looking for a book about gardening.
I’ve recently taken an interest in gardening and would like some guidance.
I’m looking for a book about gardening. Can you recommend one?