Are you sure?
I trust your judgment, but are you sure about this decision?
I'm not sure. Are you sure about this?
Are you sure about it?
Are you sure about it? I heard different information earlier.
I'm not entirely convinced. Are you sure about it?
I'm not entirely sure, but are you sure about it?
Are you certain about it?
Are you certain about it? I have never seen this before.
Are you absolutely certain about it? Because I have doubts.
Are you certain about it? I have some doubts.
Do you think it is true?
I heard a rumor, but do you think it is true?
I'm not sure. Do you think it is true?
I heard a rumor about this, do you think it is true?
Do you think so?
Do you think so? I'm not sure, but I trust your opinion.
I'm not sure. Do you really think so?
I'm not sure about that. Do you think so?
How sure are you?
I'm not entirely certain. How sure are you about this?
Yes, I am certain.
Yes, I am certain that I will be able to complete this task successfully.
Yes, I am certain. I have checked the information multiple times.
Yes, I am certain about the answer to the question.
I’m a hundred percent certain …
I'm a hundred percent certain that I locked the door.
I'm a hundred percent certain that I will not be able to finish the task on time.
I’m absolutely sure.
Yes, I have double-checked everything. I’m absolutely sure.
Yes, I'm absolutely sure that I locked the door.
I have no doubt about it.
After doing extensive research and analysis, I have no doubt about it.
I’m sure about it.
Yes, I am absolutely sure about it.
Yes, I'm absolutely sure about it. There's no doubt.
I have double-checked all the information and I'm sure about it.
I don’t think there can be any doubt about ….
I don't think there can be any doubt about it, I am certain that I want to pursue this career path.
I don't think there can be any doubt about the fact that I am lost.
I don't think there can be any doubt about my decision.
Of course.
Of course, I will be able to help you with that.
Of course, I'll be happy to help you with that.
I’m positive.
I'm positive. I left my keys on the kitchen counter.
I’m positive that I left my phone in the car.
I’m quite sure about it.
I have done my research and I'm quite sure about it.
After thoroughly reviewing the data, I'm quite sure about it.
I’m absolutely certain that…
I'm absolutely certain that I saw a shooting star last night.
I'm absolutely certain that I locked the door before leaving.
I’m not sure about it.
I'm not sure about it, but I think I can do it.
I'm not sure about it. I need more information before deciding.
I'm not sure about it. Can you provide more information?
I doubt it.
I highly doubt it, but I'll give it a try.
I'm not entirely convinced that will work out.
I'm not sure if that's true, I doubt it.
I’m not really sure about…
I'm not really sure about attending the party tonight.
I'm not really sure about what to wear for the party.
I'm not really sure about the weather forecast for tomorrow.
I don’t know for sure…
I don’t know for sure if I'll be able to attend the event tonight.
I don't know for sure where the meeting is being held.
I don't know for sure if I can make it to the meeting.
It’s very unlikely.
Based on the weather forecast, it's very unlikely that it will rain tomorrow.
Based on the current situation, it's very unlikely that we'll succeed.
Based on the current situation, it's very unlikely to happen.
I have my own doubts.
I have my own doubts, but I believe I can overcome them.
I have my own doubts about whether or not I can do this.
I don’t think so.
Hmm, I'm not completely sure about that. I don't think so.
I don’t believe this is true.
I heard some rumors, but I don't believe this is true.
No way! I don't believe this is true at all.
Many people are saying this, but I don't believe it's true.
There’s some doubt in my mind that …
There's some doubt in my mind that I can complete this task successfully.
There’s some doubt in my mind that I will be able to finish this task.
I’m not a hundred percent sure.
I’m not a hundred percent sure, but I think this is the right way.
I'm not a hundred percent sure about my decision.
I don’t know yet.
I haven't made up my mind yet.
I don't know yet. I need more time to decide.