11 days ago.
I completed that project 11 days ago. It turned out great!
I missed an important deadline that was 11 days ago.
I wrote that email to you 11 days ago.
2 hours.
I finished my work in just 2 hours.
I thought it would only take 1 hour, but it took 2 hours.
I have been waiting for 2 hours.
All day.
I had a great time exploring the city all day.
I've been stuck in this meeting room all day.
I have been working on this project all day.
A long time ago.
A long time ago, when I was just starting to learn.
A long time ago, I used to live in a different city.
I heard that story a long time ago.
Are they coming this evening?
I'm really excited to see them. Are they coming this evening?
No, they are not coming this evening. They have other plans.
I'm not sure if they are coming this evening.
Are you comfortable?
Are you comfortable? I can adjust the temperature if needed.
Are your children with you?
Are your children with you? We can have a fun time together.
Are your children with you? Do we need to wait for them?
As soon as possible.
I need this report finished as soon as possible. It's urgent!
I'm sorry, but I cannot get to it as soon as possible.
I need the report finished as soon as possible to meet the deadline.
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
I am meeting my friend at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
I cannot meet you at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
I have a meeting scheduled at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
At 5th street.
I will meet you at 5th street at the appointed time.
I got lost and ended up at 5th street.
The coffee shop is located at 5th street.
At 7 o'clock at night.
Let's meet up for dinner at 7 o'clock at night.
I have a meeting at 7 o'clock at night.
At 7 o'clock in the morning.
I love waking up at 7 o'clock in the morning. It's so refreshing!
I'm always late. I can never wake up at 7 o'clock in the morning.
I usually wake up at 7 o'clock in the morning.
At what time did it happen?
I am curious to know at what time it happened.
I have no idea. At what time did it happen?
I need to know the exact time that it happened.
Can I help you?
Can I help you with anything? I have some free time.
I'm sorry, I don't have time to help you right now.
Can I help you find what you're looking for?
Do you have a swimming pool?
I love swimming and I was wondering if you have a swimming pool?
I want to go swimming, do you have a swimming pool?
Do you have this in size 11?
I'm looking for shoes, but I don't know my size.
I'm sorry, but I do not have this in size 11.
I need to buy new shoes, but I don't know my size.
Do you think you'll be back by 11:30?
I'm meeting my friend for lunch, so do you think you'll be back by 11:30?
I'm sorry, but I don't think you'll be back by 11:30.
I have a meeting at 12:00, so I need to know.
Everyday I get up at 6AM.
Everyday I get up at 6AM to start my productive day.
Everyday I struggle to get up at 6AM, but I always fail.
Everyday I get up at 6AM to start my day.
Every week.
I look forward to my dance class every week.
I don't go to the gym every week. I go only occasionally.
We have a team meeting every week to discuss our progress.
Expiration date.
I just checked the expiration date on this milk. It's still fresh!
I'm sorry, but this product has already expired.
I need to check the expiration date on this milk.
Have you been waiting long?
Have you been waiting long? I'll be with you in a moment.
No, sorry. Have you been waiting long for me?
I'm sorry for the delay. Have you been waiting long?
He'll be back in 20 minutes.
I'll wait for him here. He'll be back in 20 minutes.
He said he won't be back for another 20 minutes.
He said he'll be back in 20 minutes.
His family is coming tomorrow.
His family is coming tomorrow for a fun-filled reunion.
I'm not really excited about it, his family is coming tomorrow.
His family is coming tomorrow for a visit to our house.
How about Saturday?
I have the day off on Saturday. How about Saturday?
No, I cannot meet on Saturday.
I am available on Saturday. How about Saturday?
How long are you going to stay?
I'm so excited to have you here! How long are you going to stay?
I'm sorry, I can't stay too long.
Are you planning on staying here for a long time?
How long are you going to stay in California?
I'm excited to explore California! How long are you going to stay?
I'm curious, how long are you going to stay in California?
How long will it take?
I'm really excited to see the finished result. How long will it take?
I don't have time to wait. How long will it take?
Excuse me, do you know how long will it take?
How much altogether?
I am excited to see how much it all adds up to?
How much do I need to pay altogether? I am on a tight budget.
I'm not sure how much everything costs. Can you tell me?
How much will it cost?
I have been saving up and I want to know how much it will cost.
I am on a tight budget. How much will it cost?
Excuse me, can you tell me how much it will cost?
I don't have enough money.
No, thank you. I don't have enough money for that.
I'm sorry, I can't afford to go out to eat tonight.
I'm sorry, but I don't have enough money to afford that.
I'm getting ready to go out.
I have a fun outing planned later, so I'm getting ready to go out.
I'm running late and I don't have much time to prepare.
I just finished getting dressed and now I'm getting ready to go out.
I'm just looking.
I have some free time and wanted to browse around.
No, thanks. I'm just looking.
I'm just looking. I don't have a specific item in mind.
I'm worried too.
I'm worried too. But let's focus on the positive and find a solution.
I'm worried too. We don't have enough time to finish.
I'm worried too. It's been a long time since we heard from him.
It'll be cold this evening.
I'll bring a jacket with me. It'll be cold this evening.
I don't think I want to go out this evening. It'll be cold.
I should bring a jacket because it'll be cold this evening.
It rained very hard today.
I was worried I would get soaked on my way to work.
Unfortunately, it rained very hard today and I got soaked.
I forgot my umbrella at home. It rained very hard today.
It's 17 dollars.
I got this shirt on sale. It's 17 dollars.
I cannot afford it. It's 17 dollars and I am broke.
It's 6AM.
I love waking up early and feeling refreshed at 6AM.
I'm so tired, it's 6AM and I still can't sleep.
I usually wake up at 6AM to start my day.
It's 8:45.
I am excited because it's almost time for my favorite show.
I'm sorry, but I don't have the time right now.
I need to leave for work at 9:00. It's 8:45.
It's a quarter to 7.
I'm running late for our meeting. It's a quarter to 7.
I have a meeting at 7. It's a quarter to 7.
It's going to snow today.
I heard on the news that it's going to snow today!
I heard on the news that it's going to snow today, so I hope it doesn't happen.
The weather forecast said it's going to snow today.
It's here.
I've been waiting for this package and it's finally here!
I've been waiting for hours, but it's still not here.
The package I ordered has arrived. It's here.
It's there.
I've been looking for this item and finally found it, it's there!
The meeting room you are looking for is just ahead.
I've already seen it.
I've already seen that movie. It was really good.
I don't want to watch it again. I've already seen it.
I've already seen it. It's not worth watching again.
John is going on vacation tomorrow.
John is going on a much-needed vacation tomorrow to relax.
John is not going on vacation tomorrow. He has other plans.
John is taking a break from work and going on vacation tomorrow.
My birthday is August 27th.
I'm so excited! My birthday is coming up on August 27th!
My birthday is August 27th. I'm excited to celebrate!
Now or later?
I'm flexible with the timing. Should we do it now or later?
Do we need to decide now or can we decide later?
October 22nd.
October 22nd is the day I start my new job.
I can't meet on October 22nd. I have prior commitments.
Today's date is October 22nd, and I have an appointment.
She wants to know when you're coming.
She wants to know when you're coming to visit her.
She wants to know when you're coming for dinner.
Sometimes I go to sleep at 11PM, sometimes at 11:30PM.
I have a flexible bedtime and enjoy staying up a bit later.
Sometimes I go to sleep at 11PM, sometimes at 11:30PM, but not always.
I have different bedtime depending on the day, ranging from 11PM to 11:30PM.
There's plenty of time.
There's plenty of time. Let's relax and enjoy our day.
No need to rush. There's plenty of time to finish.
Don't worry, we have plenty of time to get ready.
The whole day.
I'm so excited to spend the whole day exploring!
I have been waiting for a response the whole day.
I have been working on this project the whole day.
We're late.
We're late, but it's okay because we still have time.
Oh no, we're late again for our meeting.
We're late for the meeting. We need to hurry.
What day are they coming over?
I'm so excited! What day are they coming over?
It's a surprise visit. I don't know what day they're coming over.
I forgot to ask, what day are they coming over?
What day of the week is it?
Today is a beautiful day! What day of the week is it?
I have no idea what day of the week it is.
I need to know what day of the week it is.
What is today's date?
I need to write it down in my planner.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what today's date is.
I need to fill out this form. What is today's date?
What's your religion?
I'm curious, what's your religion? I find different beliefs fascinating.
I don't want to discuss religion. It's a personal choice.
So, in your religion, are there any specific holidays that you celebrate?
What time are they arriving?
I'm excited to see them. What time are they arriving?
What time are they arriving? I have no idea.
I need to know what time they are arriving for the meeting.
What time did you get up?
I didn't get up on time. I overslept this morning.
What time did you go to sleep?
I didn't realize it was so late. What time did you go to sleep?
I'm curious, what time did you go to sleep last night?
What time did you wake up?
I had a great night's sleep. What time did you wake up?
I overslept this morning. What time did you wake up?
What time does it start?
I'm really excited about the event. What time does it start?
I forgot to check the schedule. What time does it start?
I heard there's an event tonight. What time does it start?
What time do you think you'll arrive?
I'm excited to see you! What time do you think you'll arrive?
I'm sorry, but I don't think I'll arrive on time.
I have a meeting at 3pm. What time do you think you'll arrive?
What time is it?
Excuse me, do you know what time it is right now?
I'm sorry, but I don't know what time it is.
Excuse me, can you tell me what time it is right now?
When are they coming?
I'm really excited to see them! When are they coming?
I have been waiting for so long. When are they coming?
I'm not sure what time they are planning to arrive.
When are you coming back?
I can't wait to see you. When are you coming back?
I haven't seen you in a while. When are you coming back?
I need to know when you'll be back for our meeting.
When are you going to pick up your friend?
I'm so excited to see your friend! When are you going to pick them up?
I'm sorry, but I won't be able to pick up your friend.
I need to know when you are going to pick up your friend.
When are you leaving?
I'm excited to hear about your travel plans. When will you be leaving?
I'm sorry, but I don't have time to meet up with you.
When are you moving?
When are you moving? I'm excited to see your new place!
I heard you were planning to move, when are you moving?
I heard you're planning to move. When are you moving?
When is the next bus to Philidalphia?
I'm excited to plan my trip to Philidalphia. When is the next bus?
I'm sorry, I do not know when the next bus to Philadelphia is.
I need to go to Philidalphia, but I'm not sure when the next bus will be.
When is your birthday?
I'm sorry, but I don't know when your birthday is.
When I went to the store, they didn't have any apples.
When I went to the store at noon, they didn't have any apples.
Yesterday, when I went to the store, they didn't have any apples.
When I went to the store earlier today, they didn't have any apples.
When was the last time you talked to your mother?
After work yesterday, I had a really nice conversation with her.
I haven't talked to my mother in a long time.
When will he be back?
I'm excited to see him. When will he be back?
I have been waiting for him all day. When will he be back?
I need to know when he will be back.
When will it be ready?
I'm really excited to receive the final product! When will it be ready?
I've been waiting for so long. When will it be ready?
I have a deadline. When will this task be ready?
Where are you going to go?
I have some free time later. Where are you going to go?
I need to know where you are going to go.
What time is it?
Excuse me, do you know what time it is right now?
I'm sorry, but I don't know what time it is.
Excuse me, may I ask what time it is?
What’s the time?
Excuse me, can you please tell me what's the time?
I'm sorry, I don't know and I don't have a watch.
Could you tell me the time?
Excuse me, could you please tell me the time? I don't have a watch.
I am sorry, but I don't have a watch. Could you tell me the time?
Excuse me, could you tell me the time, please? I lost my watch.
Do you know what time it is?
I need to catch the bus, do you know what time it is?
I'm sorry, but I don't know what time it is.
I left my watch at home. Do you know what time it is?
How long have you been waiting?
I've been looking forward to meeting you! How long have you been waiting?
I'm sorry for the delay. How long have you been waiting?
Do you have free time this afternoon?
I have some free time this afternoon. Do you?
No, sorry. Do you have free time this afternoon?
I have some errands to run today, do you have free time this afternoon?
What time can we meet?
We have a lot to discuss. What time can we meet?
I'm sorry, but I'm not available at any time today.
I have some free time today. What time can we meet?
What should we do to kill time?
We have some free time, what should we do to kill time?
We have so much free time and don't know how to fill it.
We have some free time before our next event. What should we do to kill time?
It’s ten o’clock.
I can't believe how fast time flies. It's already ten o'clock!
I can't believe it's already ten o'clock.
I need to leave work now because it's ten o'clock.
It’s midnight.
Wow, it's already midnight! Time flies when you're having fun.
I can't believe it's already midnight.
I can't sleep because it's midnight and I'm wide awake.
It’s 6 A.M now.
I love waking up early and enjoying the peaceful morning.
I'm already so tired, and it's only 6 A.M.
I usually wake up at 6 A.M to start my day.
See you at 8 P.M.
I'm really excited to meet up with you tonight. See you at 8 P.M.!
Sorry, I won't be able to make it at 8 P.M.
Let's meet at the restaurant after work. See you at 8 P.M.
I can’t tell you exactly what time we will arrive.
I can’t tell you exactly what time we will arrive, but it won't be late.
I apologize, but I can't tell you exactly what time we will arrive.
I can’t tell you exactly what time we will arrive. The traffic is unpredictable.
It’s too late now.
Oh no, I missed the bus. It's too late now.
I missed the last bus. It's too late now.
I missed the bus. It's too late now.
I love wearing my watch, but it's stopped working.
My watch is slow.
I need to set my watch to the correct time.
I'm always late because my watch is slow.
I need to adjust the time on my watch. It's slow.
Don’t waste your time doing nothing.
You have so much potential, make the most of your time.
I have so much to do today, don't waste your time doing nothing.
You should use your time wisely and not be idle.
I didn’t think it was so late.
I was having so much fun, I didn't think it was so late.
I was so engrossed in my work that I didn't think it was so late.
I was so focused on my work, I didn’t think it was so late.
We have plenty of time.
Don't worry, we have plenty of time to get there.
No need to rush. We have plenty of time to finish.
We have plenty of time to finish this project.
Give me a little more time.
I'm sorry, I need a little more time to finish this.
I'm sorry, but I can't finish this task right now. Give me a little more time.
I need to finish this report. Give me a little more time.
It’s time to leave.
I'm sorry, but I don't have time to do that right now.
The movie is starting soon. It's time to leave.
It’s almost time to go home.
It's already 5 PM. It's almost time to go home.
I can't believe it's almost time to go home.
After a long day at work, it's almost time to go home.
Time went by so fast.
I had so much fun at the party. Time went by so fast.
I didn't realize how quickly time went by.
I can't believe how quickly time went by today.
The supermarket opens at 9 a.m.
I can never make it to the supermarket before 9 a.m.
I need to go grocery shopping. The supermarket opens at 9 a.m.
The class starts at 8 in the morning.
I am excited for the class that starts at 8 in the morning.
I hate waking up early, but the class starts at 8 in the morning.
I need to set an alarm because the class starts at 8 in the morning.