Across from the post office.
The new bookstore is located across from the post office.
No, the store is not across from the post office.
The restaurant is located across from the post office.
At 3 o'clock.
I will meet you at the park at 3 o'clock.
I can't meet you at 3 o'clock. I have another appointment.
I have a meeting scheduled at 3 o'clock.
Be quiet.
Shh! Be quiet. Others are trying to concentrate.
Please be quiet, we are in a library.
Please be quiet. I am trying to concentrate on my work.
Can you recommend a good restaurant?
I'm new to this city. Can you recommend a good restaurant?
I am new to this area and I don't know any good restaurants. Can you recommend a good restaurant?
I'm new in town. Can you recommend a good restaurant nearby?
Here it is.
I have been searching for this and finally found it.
I can't find it. Here it is.
I found the location. Here it is.
Here you are.
No, I'm sorry, but I do not have that item for you.
Here you are, your coffee. Enjoy it.
He's in the kitchen.
He's learning how to cook in the kitchen.
No, he's not in the kitchen. I don't know where he is.
He's in the kitchen preparing breakfast for the family.
He studies at Boston University.
He studies Biology at Boston University and loves his classes.
He is not familiar with the area around Boston University.
He studies computer science at Boston University, specializing in artificial intelligence.
How far is it?
Excuse me, can you please tell me how far it is?
I am not familiar with this area. How far is it?
Excuse me, can you tell me how far it is?
How far is it to Chicago?
I'm excited to explore Chicago. How far is it from here?
I do not know the way. How far is it to Chicago?
How many miles is it to Pennsylvania?
I'm planning a road trip from New York to Pennsylvania.
I have no idea. How many miles is it to Pennsylvania?
Excuse me, can you tell me how many miles is it to Pennsylvania?
I'd like a single room.
I'm traveling alone and would like a single room, please.
I'm sorry, but unfortunately all the single rooms are booked.
This is my first time here. I'd like a single room.
I like to watch TV.
After a long day, I like to relax at home and watch TV.
I do not like to watch TV because it is boring.
After a long day at work, I like to watch TV.
It's delicious!
I tried this new restaurant in town. It's delicious!
This food tastes terrible! I can't eat it.
This food is delicious!
It's half past 11.
I glanced at my watch and realized it's already half past 11.
I'm running late for my appointment. It's half past 11.
I need to leave soon. It's half past 11.
It's less than 5 dollars.
I found this great deal! It's less than 5 dollars.
I'm sorry, but I can't provide the information you're looking for.
I'm looking for a cheap meal. It's less than 5 dollars.
It's more than 5 dollars.
I found this amazing deal! It's more than 5 dollars.
No, I'm sorry. It's more than 5 dollars, I can't afford it.
I'm sorry, but I don't have enough money. It's more than 5 dollars.
It's near the Supermarket.
The new restaurant is near the Supermarket.
No, it's not near the Supermarket. It's in a different location.
It's not suppose to rain today.
According to the weather forecast, it's not supposed to rain today.
It's ok.
No worries, it's ok. Everyone makes mistakes sometimes.
It's ok. I don't need directions to the restaurant.
It's ok, I understand. Everyone makes mistakes sometimes.
It's on 7th street.
The restaurant we're going to is on 7th street.
No, it's not on 7th street. It's on a different street.
It's really hot.
I love going to the beach when it's really hot.
I can't stand this heat. It's really hot.
I think the air conditioning in this room is broken.
It's suppose to rain tomorrow.
I heard on the news that it's suppose to rain tomorrow.
I don't think I'll be able to have a picnic tomorrow.
The weather forecast says it's suppose to rain tomorrow.
I was going to the library.
I was going to the library to study and read books.
I was going to the library, but it's closed today.
I was going to the library to study for my exam.
I was in the library.
I was in the library studying for my upcoming exam.
No, I was not in the library. I was at home.
I was in the library studying for my exams.
Let's go.
Let's go explore the beautiful location together.
I don't want to go. Let's stay here.
We're running late. Let's go to the meeting now.
Maybe.
I'm not sure yet, but I might be interested in joining.
I'm not sure if I can make it to the party.
I'm not sure yet. I need to think about it.
More than 200 miles.
The nearest city is more than 200 miles away.
I don't want to travel more than 200 miles for the event.
I'll need to drive for more than 200 miles to get there.
My house is close to the bank.
Unfortunately, my house is not close to the bank.
I live in a neighborhood that is conveniently close to the bank.
Near the bank.
I need to go to the ATM near the bank.
I'm sorry, but the store is not located near the bank.
I need to find the nearest bank to deposit my check.
On the left.
The restaurant is on the left.
The location you're looking for is not on the left side.
Excuse me, can you please tell me where the restroom is?
On the right.
To get to the museum, keep going straight and turn right.
I'm sorry, but the location you're looking for is not on the right.
Excuse me, could you please tell me where the restroom is?
On the second floor.
The language classes are on the second floor.
No, I'm sorry, the store you're looking for is on the second floor.
The bookstore is on the second floor, next to the cafe.
Outside the hotel.
I love taking walks outside the hotel to explore the area.
I do not want to wait outside the hotel.
We decided to have lunch outside the hotel by the pool.
Over here.
Excuse me, the beginner class for yoga is over here.
I don't want to go over there.
Excuse me, can you point me to the restroom?
Over there.
The coffee shop is over there. Let's go grab a drink.
I do not like the location of that coffee shop.
Excuse me, where is the nearest restroom?
The book is behind the table.
I found a really interesting book behind the table.
The book is in front of the table.
No, the book is not in front of the table. It's somewhere else.
I need to move the book that is in front of the table.
The book is near the table.
I found the book that I was looking for near the table.
No, the book is not near the table. It's somewhere else.
I left the book near the table, so it's easily accessible.
The book is next to the table.
I found the book I was looking for. It is next to the table.
I cannot find the book. It is not next to the table.
In the library, the beginner's book is next to the table.
The book is on top of the table.
In the library, the book is on top of the table.
I cannot find the book. It is not on top of the table.
The book is on top of the wooden table in the library.
There are some books on the table.
There are some new books on the table that I just bought.
I'm sorry, but there are not any books on the table.
I went to the library and saw some books on the table.
There's a book under the table.
In the library, there's a book under the table.
No, I don't see the book under the table.
I found a book under the table while cleaning up.
We're from California.
We're from California, the sunny state on the west coast.
No, sorry. We're not from California, we're from New York.
We're from California. We came here for a vacation.
What's the address?
Excuse me, can you please tell me the address? I am new here and not familiar with the location.
I'm lost. What's the address? I can't find my way.
Excuse me, can you please tell me what's the address?
Where are you going?
Excuse me, can you please tell me where you are going?
I have no idea where you are going.
Where is it?
Excuse me, can you please tell me where is it?
I'm lost. Where is it?
Where would you like to go?
I do not know where I am going.
We have a lot of free time today. Where would you like to go?
Who won?
I heard there was a game last night. Who won?
I have no idea. Who won? I wasn't paying attention.
I missed the game. Who won?