6 dollars per hour.
I just got my first job! I'll be earning 6 dollars per hour.
I can't believe they only pay me 6 dollars per hour.
I am a beginner and I am paid 6 dollars per hour at work.
Are you waiting for someone?
Are you waiting for someone? You seem eager and excited.
No, I am not waiting for someone. I am leaving now.
Are you working today?
No, I am not working today.
Bring me my shirt please.
I need my shirt for work. Can you bring it to me please?
I left my shirt in the locker. Bring me my shirt please.
Could you bring me my shirt please? I need it for work.
Do you like to watch TV?
After a long day of work, do you like to watch TV?
No, I don't like to watch TV. I find it boring.
Do you like to watch TV?
Do you like your boss?
He is always supportive and encouraging.
No, I do not like my boss.
Do you like your boss? I heard he's really strict.
Have you finished studying?
Have you finished studying for the exam? It's important for your success.
No, I haven't finished studying for my upcoming exam.
He's an Engineer.
He's an Engineer who designs innovative solutions for complex problems.
Unfortunately, he's not qualified to work as an engineer yet.
He's an Engineer who works for a well-known technology company.
He's very hard working.
He's always putting in extra effort to get the job done.
No, he's not very hard working. He's always slacking off.
He's known for his dedication and commitment to his work.
He works at a computer company in New York.
He works at a successful computer company in New York City.
He does not work at a computer company in New York. He works at a different type of company.
He works 9 to 5 at a computer company in New York.
How long have you worked here?
I am interested in hearing about your experience at work.
I'm sorry, but I haven't worked here for very long.
I'm new here. How long have you worked here?
How many hours a week do you work?
I enjoy my job and feel fulfilled working 40 hours a week.
I do not work many hours a week.
On average, how many hours a week do you work?
How much money do you have?
I'm trying to decide if I can afford to go out to lunch with my coworkers.
I do not have enough money for lunch.
How's the weather?
I want to know how the weather is today for my commute.
How was the trip?
How was the trip? I heard you had an amazing time exploring new places.
My boss wanted me to write a report on the trip, but I did not go.
I heard you went on a trip. How was it?
I forget.
Sometimes I forget things, but I'm a quick learner.
I am always forgetting important tasks at work.
I forget my tasks sometimes, so I started keeping a to-do list.
I'm good.
I'm good. I've finished all my tasks for today.
No, thank you. I'm good. I don't need any assistance.
No, thank you. I'm good. I brought my own lunch.
I'm ready.
I have prepared all the necessary materials and information for work.
I'm not ready yet. I need a few more minutes.
I have finished all of my tasks and am prepared to work.
I still have a lot of things to buy.
After work, I still have a lot of things to buy.
I need to make a list for all the things to buy.
I've seen it.
I've seen it, but I didn't understand it at all.
I've seen it on the company's website during my research.
What does he do for work?
I just met him and I'm curious about his occupation.
I have no idea what he does for work.
I haven't seen him in a while. What does he do for work?
What does your father do for work?
I heard you mention your father earlier. What does he do for work?
What do you do for work?
I'm a beginner in the workforce. What do you do for work?
I am currently not employed. What do you do for work?
I heard you're employed. What do you do for work?
What do your parents do for work?
My parents work at the hospital and help patients every day.
I don't know what your parents do for work, sorry.
I'm curious, what do your parents do for work?
What's the matter?
You seem upset. Is there something I can do to help?
What's the matter? You seem upset about something at work.
I noticed you seem upset. What's the matter?
What time do you go to work everyday?
I love my job! What time do you go to work everyday?
I'm curious about your daily routine. What time do you go to work everyday?
When do you arrive in the U.S.?
I'm so excited to start my new job in the U.S.!
I need to know your arrival date in the U.S.
When do you get off work?
I was wondering, when do you get off work today?
Where did you put it?
I can't find my pen. Where did you put it?
I can't find it. Where did you put it?
I was looking for my notebook. Where did you put it?
Where does it hurt?
Excuse me, could you please show me where does it hurt?
I'm sorry to hear that you're feeling pain. Where specifically does it hurt?
Where do you want to go?
I am open to new opportunities. Where do you want to go?
I'm planning my itinerary for this upcoming business trip.
What do you do?
Hi, my name is Jane. So, what do you do for work?
What do you do for a living?
I hate my job. What do you do for a living?
What do you do for a living? Are you currently employed?
I’ve got a part-time job.
I’ve got a part-time job. I’m excited to gain work experience.
I've got a part-time job, but I don't enjoy it.
I’ve got a part-time job as a cashier at a grocery store.
Where do you work?
I've always admired people who are happy with their work.
I work from home.
I work from home and it allows me flexibility in my schedule.
Unfortunately, I do not have an office to work in.
Since the pandemic, I work from home to stay safe.
I work in a factory.
I work in a busy factory producing goods for customers.
No, I do not work in a factory.
I work in a factory, operating machinery and assembling products.
What is your occupation?
What is your occupation? I am a beginner looking for work.
Excuse me, may I ask what is your occupation?
I work as a doctor.
I am so grateful to work as a doctor and help others.
I work as a doctor at the local hospital, treating patients.
I’m looking for a job.
I’m looking for a job because I want to start working.
Unfortunately, I'm currently unemployed and actively seeking work.
I’m currently unemployed and seeking employment opportunities.
I’m a teacher.
I’m a teacher and I love inspiring young minds every day.
No, sorry. I don't want to be a teacher anymore.
I work at a school as a teacher.
I’m not working at the moment.
I’m not working at the moment. I am currently exploring new opportunities.
I am currently unemployed and not working at the moment.
I’m not working at the moment because I just finished college.
I’m unemployed.
I'm currently seeking new job opportunities to grow my skills.
I’m sorry, but I’m currently unemployed.
I have been actively searching for a job, but I'm currently unemployed.
I do the paperwork.
I enjoy organizing and completing the necessary paperwork for work.
I do not enjoy doing the paperwork.
I am responsible for completing and organizing the necessary documents.
I have my own business.
I am proud to say that I have my own successful business.
No, I do not have my own business. I work for someone else.
I have my own business and I am responsible for its success.
Do like your job?
No, I do not like my job at all.