I’m afraid I’ve got some bad news for you…
I’m afraid I’ve got some bad news for you... Unfortunately, the project deadline has been moved up.
I’m afraid I’ve got some bad news for you... Your car was stolen.
I’m afraid I’ve got some bad news for you… The project deadline has been extended.
I’m so sorry but…
I'm so sorry but we have to cancel the event due to bad weather.
I'm so sorry, but your results came back positive.
I'm so sorry but unfortunately, your application has been denied.
I’m sorry to have to tell you that …
I’m sorry to have to tell you that you didn't get the promotion.
I’m sorry to have to tell you that your proposal was rejected.
I’m sorry to have to tell you that your application was denied.
I know this isn’t what you want to hear but…
I know this isn’t what you want to hear but unfortunately, the project deadline has been pushed back.
I know this isn't what you want to hear but the project is cancelled.
I know this isn’t what you want to hear but the project deadline has been extended.
I’m afraid to inform you of …
I’m afraid to inform you of some unexpected changes in your schedule.
I'm afraid to inform you of this, but unfortunately, the project has been canceled.
I'm afraid to inform you of the recent company layoffs.
It is my unfortunate duty to tell you that …
It is my unfortunate duty to tell you that the concert has been postponed due to unforeseen circumstances.
It is my unfortunate duty to tell you that your application was denied.
It is my unfortunate duty to tell you that the project is cancelled.
I really feel bad to have to say this, but …
I really feel bad to have to say this, but unfortunately, your application was not successful.
I really feel bad to have to say this, but unfortunately, your request was denied.
I really don’t know how to say it, but …
I really don’t know how to say it, but I got a promotion!
I really don’t know how to say it, but I have to tell you something.
I really don’t know how to say it, but I have some unfortunate news to share.
I’m sorry to hear that…
I'm sorry to hear that you didn't get the promotion.
I'm sorry to hear that you failed the exam.
I'm sorry to hear that your favorite restaurant is closing down.
You must be feeling terrible …
You must be feeling terrible about your recent failure, but remember that it's just a stepping stone to success.
You must be feeling terrible after hearing about the accident.
You must be feeling terrible after hearing the bad news.
That’s awful!
Oh no, that's awful! I'm really sorry to hear that.
I'm sorry to hear that. That's awful!
I just heard about the accident. That's awful!
Too bad!
Too bad! But don't worry, we'll find another solution.
I'm sorry, but the concert tickets are sold out.
Too bad! Unfortunately, the event has been canceled due to unforeseen circumstances.
Poor you!
I'm sorry to hear that you're feeling down.
I'm sorry to hear that. Poor you! The weather ruined your plans.
I'm sorry to hear that, but I'm unable to assist.
Please, accept my deepest sympathy.
I am so sorry to hear about your loss.
I'm sorry to hear about the passing of your loved one.
I heard about the passing of your loved one. Please, accept my deepest sympathy.
Anytime you need to talk, just call me …
Anytime you need to talk, just call me … I'm always here for you.
Anytime you need to talk, just call me ... I'm here for you, especially during these tough times.
If there’s anything I can do, just let me know…
If there’s anything I can do, just let me know… I am here to help and support you.
If there’s anything I can do, just let me know... I hope it's not anything bad, but if it is, I'm here for you.
If there’s anything I can do, just let me know… I'm here to support you during this difficult time.