I hope to see you soon.
I miss your company and hope to see you soon.
I hope to see you soon, but I don't think it will happen.
I really miss you and I hope to see you soon.
Let’s hope he will get better soon.
Let’s hope he will get better soon so he can return to work.
I'm really worried about his health. Let's hope he will get better soon.
Let's hope he will get better soon and be back on his feet.
I believe things will get better.
Even though things are tough right now, I believe things will get better soon.
I hope that things will improve in the future, but I am not sure.
Despite the challenges, I believe things will get better eventually.
Hopefully, it’ll be sunny tomorrow.
I really hope the weather is nice tomorrow so I can go outside and enjoy the sunshine.
I really hope it won't rain tomorrow so I can go for a hike.
I really hope that tomorrow is sunny so I can go hiking.
I keep hoping that she will win the show.
I keep hoping that she will win the show and inspire others.
I keep hoping that she will win the show, but it seems unlikely.
I watch every episode with excitement, hoping that she will win the show.
I wish it would stop raining.
I wish it would stop raining so that I can go for a walk.
I wish it would stop raining so we could go for a walk.
I wish it would stop raining. I wanted to go for a walk in the park.
If we’re lucky, we’ll arrive there on time.
I really hope that we can arrive there on time.
We really need to catch that train. If we're lucky, we'll arrive there on time.
With any luck, she will go home early tonight.
With any luck, she will go home early tonight and avoid traffic.
I would like to buy a new car.
I have been saving up for a long time. I would like to buy a new car.
I would like to buy a new car, but I cannot afford it.
I have been saving money for a while, and I would like to finally buy a new car.
I want to be a doctor.
I have always dreamed of helping others as a doctor.
I have always had a passion for medicine and helping others.
What I really want is to have an apartment.
I have been dreaming of having an apartment for a while now.
I wish I could afford an apartment of my own.
My current living situation is not ideal. What I really want is to have an apartment.