How are you feeling?
I hope you're feeling good today.
I can see that you're not feeling well. How are you feeling?
Hey, I haven't seen you in a while. How are you feeling?
Are you Ok?
You seem a little down today. Are you OK?
Are you Ok? You look upset and I'm concerned.
Are you Ok? You seem a bit quiet today.
Is everything alright?
Is everything alright? You seem a little down today.
Is everything alright? You seem a bit down today.
I noticed that you've been quiet today. Is everything alright?
What’s wrong?
You seem a little down. Is everything okay?
You seem upset. What's wrong?
What’s the matter?
What’s the matter? You seem a bit down today.
Why do you look so upset? What's the matter?
You seem upset. What's the matter?
Do you want to talk about it?
Do you want to talk about it? You seem a bit down today.
I can see that something is bothering you. Do you want to talk about it?
You seem upset. Do you want to talk about it?
I’m very happy right now.
I just got some great news and I'm very happy right now.
I just got promoted at work and I'm very happy right now.
I just received some great news and I'm very happy right now.
I don’t think I can be any happier right now.
I just received some amazing news that made my day!
I've just received some really amazing news! I don’t think I can be any happier right now.
After receiving great news, I don't think I can be any happier right now.
I feel a little sad.
After hearing the news, I feel a little sad.
After hearing the bad news, I feel a little sad.
I just received some bad news and I feel a little sad.
It’s been a difficult day.
I just need some positivity to lift my spirits.
I've been dealing with a lot of stress and challenges today.
I had a lot of challenges to deal with today.
He made her very angry.
She was having a great day, but he made her very angry.
He made her very angry. She couldn't control her rage.
Despite his good intentions, he made her very angry by accidentally breaking her favorite mug.
I‘ve been in a bad mood all day.
I've been in a bad mood all day, but I'm trying to stay positive.
I‘ve been in a bad mood all day. Nothing seems to make me feel better.
I've been in a bad mood all day. I think it's because of the weather.
I’m mad at his behavior.
I can't believe how disrespectful he was with his behavior.
I’m mad at his behavior. He is always so disrespectful towards me.
I’m mad at his behavior. He was rude to me earlier.
I feel very depressed today.
I feel very depressed today. I just can't seem to shake it.
I feel very depressed today. Nothing seems to bring me joy.
I feel very depressed today. I'm having a hard time finding motivation.
You seem a little blue today.
You seem a little blue today. Is everything going okay?
I can tell by your facial expression that you seem a little blue today.
You seem a little blue today. Is everything alright?
I’ve got a headache and I feel terrible.
I’ve got a headache and I feel terrible after staying up all night studying.
I’ve got a splitting headache and I feel absolutely terrible.
I’ve got a headache and I feel terrible after a long day at work.