Do you feel like going for a walk?
It's such a beautiful day outside. Do you feel like going for a walk?
Do you not feel like going for a walk? It's a beautiful day.
It's such a beautiful day outside. Do you feel like going for a walk?
Do you want to go to the movies tonight?
Do you want to go to the movies tonight? It'll be so much fun!
Hey, it's been a while since we've caught up. Do you want to go to the movies tonight?
Would you like to play cards?
Hey, we're having a game night. Would you like to play cards?
No, thank you. I do not want to play cards.
Hey, I was thinking of having a game night this weekend. Would you like to play cards?
Would you like a cup of coffee?
I just brewed a fresh pot of coffee. Would you like a cup?
I have a new coffee machine. Would you like a cup of coffee?
What about a cup of tea?
Would you like to join me for a cup of tea?
I would like you to have lunch with us tomorrow.
Hello! I hope you're free tomorrow. We would like you to have lunch with us.
Would you be interested in going to the movies tonight?
I know you don't enjoy movies, but would you be interested in going tonight?
Hey, I heard there's a new movie in theaters tonight. Would you be interested in going?
Why don’t you have lunch with me tomorrow?
Why don’t you have lunch with me tomorrow at that new restaurant?
Hi! I was wondering if you would like to have lunch with me tomorrow?
How about joining me for a walk?
Hey! The weather is beautiful today. How about joining me for a walk?
I would like some company for a walk, would you be interested?
I enjoy going for walks and would love some company.
I invite you to have breakfast with me tomorrow morning.
I would love to have some quality time with you. I invite you to have breakfast with me tomorrow morning.
Thank you for your kind invitation.
Thank you for your kind invitation, but I am unable to attend.
I’d love to, thanks.
Sure! I'd love to, thanks for inviting me to the party.
I'd love to, thanks. But I can't make it on that day.
I’ll be glad to do so.
I would love to host a party at my place. You are all invited.
I am sorry, but I will not be able to do so.
Thanks, I’d like that very much.
That’s a great idea.
That’s a great idea. Let's invite everyone to join us.
I'm sorry, but I don't think that's a great idea.
Thanks for inviting me to dinner.
Thanks for inviting me to dinner. I'm excited to join you.
Thanks for inviting me to dinner. I'm looking forward to it.
It’s very nice of you.
Thank you for inviting me. It's very nice of you.
Thank you for the invitation, but I already have plans.
Many thanks for your kind invitation. I’ll join you.
Many thanks for your kind invitation. I’ll join you for dinner tonight.
Many thanks for your kind invitation. Unfortunately, I won't be able to join you.
Many thanks for your kind invitation to the dinner party. I’ll join you.
Sure. Thank you.
Sure. Thank you for inviting me to your special event.
Sure, I would love to attend your event. Thank you for inviting me.
Sure. Thank you for accepting my invitation to the party.
With pleasure!
Thank you for inviting me! I would love to join you.
Sure, I would be delighted to join you for the event.
I’m sorry to refuse your invitation.
I’m sorry to refuse your invitation, but I already have plans.
I appreciate the invitation, but I'm unable to attend.
I can’t, sorry. I have to work.
I can’t, sorry. I have to work on an important project.
I would love to join you, but I can’t, sorry. I have to work.
I can’t, sorry. I have to work late tonight.
Thanks for your invitation but I’m busy now.
Thanks for your invitation but I’m busy now. I have prior engagements.
Thanks for your invitation to the party, but I’m busy now.
I’m afraid I won’t be able to come.
I would love to join you, but I'm afraid I won't be able to come.
I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I won't be able to come to your party.
I’m sorry, but I already have plans for that day.
I’m afraid I am busy tomorrow.
I’m afraid I am busy tomorrow. I have plans already.
I’m sorry, but I’m afraid I am busy tomorrow.
I’m afraid I am busy tomorrow. Can we reschedule our meeting?
Sorry, I’d love to but I have an appointment.
Sorry, I’d love to but I have an appointment. Can we reschedule?
Sorry, I’d love to come to your party, but I have an appointment with my doctor.
Sorry, I’d love to, but I have an appointment at 7.
I really don’t think I can, sorry.
I really don’t think I can, sorry. I already have plans.
I really don’t think I can, sorry. I have a prior commitment.
I appreciate the invitation, but I really don't think I can, sorry.
That’s very kind of you, but I can’t accept your invitation.
Thank you for inviting me, but I am unable to attend.
Thank you for inviting me to your party, but I am unable to attend.