Excuse me for interrupting, but…
Excuse me for interrupting, but I have an important question.
Excuse me for interrupting, but I have something important to say.
Sorry for interrupting but….
Sorry for interrupting but I have a really great idea!
Sorry for interrupting but I don't agree with your point.
Sorry for interrupting, but I have something important to mention.
May I interrupt for a minute?
Excuse me, may I interrupt for a minute? I have an idea.
I'm sorry to interrupt, but I need to clarify something.
Excuse me, may I interrupt for a minute? I have something important to add.
May I say something here?
May I say something here? I have an idea that might help.
Excuse me for interrupting, but may I say something here?
Excuse me, may I say something here? I have a suggestion.
Can I stop you there for a moment?
I really appreciate your input, but can I stop you there for a moment?
Excuse me, can I stop you there for a moment?
Just a moment, I’d like to….
Just a moment, I’d like to share my thoughts on this.
Just a moment, I'd like to interject and share my perspective on this.
Sorry, Could I just mention that…
Sorry, Could I just mention that I have a different perspective on this.
Sorry, Could I just mention that I strongly disagree with this idea?
Sorry, Could I just mention that I have a different opinion?
I don’t mean to intrude, but . . .
Excuse me, I don’t mean to intrude, but could I ask a quick question?
I don't mean to intrude, but could I borrow your pen for a moment?
Excuse me for interrupting, but may I say something?
May I have a word?
Excuse me, may I have a word? I have something important to discuss.
Excuse me, may I have a word with you, please?
Excuse me, but…
Excuse me, but I have something important to add.
Excuse me, but I really need to finish my point.
Excuse me, but I have a question about this topic.
Do you mind if I interrupt you?
Excuse me, do you mind if I interrupt you for a moment?
I'm sorry to interrupt you, but I need to ask something.
I'm sorry to interrupt, but I have an urgent question.
Sorry, I didn’t catch that, is it possible to repeat the last point?
While that is an important point, it’s also important to add…
While that is an important point, it’s also important to add that, in my opinion, the alternative solution might be better.
While that is an important point, it’s also important to add that the deadline is tomorrow.
If you don’t mind, I’d like to mention something.
Sorry to interrupt, but if you don't mind, I'd like to mention something.
Excuse me, if you don't mind, I'd like to mention something.
Sorry to butt in, but may I just ask…
Sorry to butt in, but may I just ask where the restroom is?
Before we move on to the next point, may I add…?
Before we move on to the next point, may I add some additional information?
Before we move on to the next point in the discussion, may I add...?
Before you move on, I’d like to say something.
Do you mind if I jump in here?
Excuse me, I'm sorry to interrupt. Do you mind if I jump in here?
Sorry to interrupt, but do you mind if I jump in here?
Excuse me, do you mind if I jump in here? I have something to add.
If I could just come in here. I think….
If I could just come in here. I think we have a better solution.
Excuse me, if I could just come in here. I think...
Can I just add something here?
I'm sorry, but I have something important to say. Can I just add something here?
Sorry to interrupt, but can I just add something here?