I’m sorry to say this but…
I'm sorry to say this but the service here is unacceptable.
I'm sorry to say this but your service has been terrible.
I hate to tell you but…
I hate to tell you but... the service at this restaurant was terrible.
I hate to tell you but... the service here has been terrible.
I’m angry about…
I’m angry about the poor customer service I received earlier today.
I'm angry about the poor customer service I received yesterday.
I have a complaint to make…
I have a complaint to make about the poor customer service.
I have a complaint to make regarding the poor customer service.
There seems to be a problem with…
There seems to be a problem with my internet connection.
There seems to be a problem with the Wi-Fi connection in this room.
There seems to be a problem with the computer system.
I’m afraid there is a slight problem with…
I’m afraid there is a slight problem with my order.
I'm afraid there is a slight problem with the delivery process.
Sorry to bother you but…
Sorry to bother you but the service has been really slow.
Sorry to bother you but the service here has been very slow.
I’m not satisfied with…
I'm not satisfied with the quality of the product I received.
I’m not satisfied with the service I received at this restaurant.
I’m not satisfied with the quality of this product.
Wouldn’t be a good idea to…
Wouldn't be a good idea to move the meeting to later? 
Wouldn't be a good idea to use a more efficient method?
There appears to be something wrong with…
There appears to be something wrong with my computer.
There appears to be something seriously wrong with the product I purchased.
There appears to be something wrong with my computer screen.
I was expecting… but…
I was expecting a quicker response, but it's understandable with the workload.
I was expecting my package to arrive today, but it didn't.
I was expecting my food to be hot, but it's cold.
Sorry to bother you but…
Sorry to bother you but the service here has been very slow.
I want to complain about…
I want to complain about the service I received earlier today.
I want to complain about the poor customer service I received.
I’m afraid I’ve got a complaint about…
I’m afraid I’ve got a complaint about the service I received.
I’m afraid I’ve got a complaint about the service at this restaurant.
I’m afraid I’ve got a complaint about the quality of this product.
I have to make a complaint about…
I have to make a complaint about the poor customer service. The staff was rude and unhelpful.
I have to make a complaint about the poor customer service.
I don’t understand why…
I don't understand why the service here is so slow.
I don’t understand why the delivery is taking so long.
Excuse me but there is a problem…
Excuse me but there is a problem with the quality of this product... Can you help me resolve it, please?
Excuse me, but there is a problem with the service I received.
Excuse me but there is a problem with my order.
Would you mind…?
Excuse me, would you mind turning down the volume a bit?
Would you mind turning down the music? It's too loud.
Would you mind turning down the volume? It's a bit too loud.
I’m so sorry, but this will never happen again.
I sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused, but this will never happen again.
I’m so sorry, but this will never happen again. This was a one-time mistake that won't be repeated.
I’m sorry, we promise never to make the same mistake again.
I’m sorry for the long wait, we promise never to make the same mistake again.
I'm sorry, we promise never to make the same mistake again. We deeply apologize for the inconvenience caused.
I can’t tell you how sorry I am.
I can't tell you how sorry I am for the inconvenience caused.
I can't tell you how sorry I am for the mistake I made.
I wish it never happened.
I wish it never happened. It was such an unfortunate event.
Sorry, there is nothing we can do about it.
I'm sorry, but there is nothing we can do about it. We have exhausted all options.
I'm sorry, but there is nothing we can do about it. The item is non-refundable.
I apologize, but unfortunately there is nothing we can do about it.
Sorry but it’s not our fault.
I apologize, but it's not our fault that the package arrived late.
Sorry but it’s not our fault. The product arrived damaged.
I'm sorry, but it's not our fault. The delivery was delayed due to external factors.
I’m afraid there isn’t much we can do about it.
I'm sorry, but I’m afraid there isn't much we can do about it. It's out of our control.
I'm afraid there isn't much we can do about it. The product is no longer under warranty.