Can you lift this table?
This table is too heavy for me. Can you lift it?
No, sorry. I cannot lift this table on my own.
I need help moving this table.
Can you speak English?
I'm sorry, I cannot speak English.
Excuse me, can you speak English? I need help.
Can you help me?
I am not sure how to do this. Can you help me?
I am not able to do this on my own. Can you help me?
I'm having trouble opening this jar. Can you help me?
Can you play the piano?
I'm sorry, but I can't play the piano.
Will you able to come to my birthday party this weekend?
I am so excited for my birthday party this weekend! Will you be able to come?
Will you be able to come to my birthday party this weekend? I hope to see you there.
Are you able to go out with me tonight?
I would love to go out with you tonight.
I'm sorry, but I am unable to go out with you tonight.
Are you able to go out with me tonight? I would like to spend some time together.
I can speak 5 languages.
I can speak 5 languages, so I can communicate with people from different countries.
I have been learning for years and now I can speak 5 languages.
I can swim 2 kilometers.
I have been practicing and now I can swim 2 kilometers.
No, I'm sorry. I cannot swim 2 kilometers. I'm not able to.
I have been training for months and now I can swim 2 kilometers.
I can’t help you.
I'm sorry, but I can't help you with that.
I'm sorry, I'm not able to assist you.
I'm sorry, but I can't help you with that.
I won’t be able to come to your birthday party.
I won't be able to come to your birthday party because I have prior commitments.
I'm really sorry, but I won't be able to come to your birthday party.
I am sorry, but I won't be able to come to your birthday party. I have a prior commitment.
I will be able to see you next week.
I will be able to see you next week. I have a free day.
Sorry, I will not be able to see you next week.
I have a busy schedule this week, but I will be able to see you next week.
When I finish this course, I will be able to find a good job.
After completing this course, I will have the ability to find a good job easily.
When I finish this course, I will be able to find a good job in my field.
When I was a child I could play football very well.
As a child, I used to play football very well with my friends.
When I was a child, I could not play football very well.
When I was a child, I could play football very well and enjoyed it.
I was not able to visit him yesterday.
I wanted to visit him yesterday, but I was not able to.