Are you busy?
Excuse me, are you busy? I need some assistance.
I need to ask you something. Are you busy right now?
Can we have some more bread please?
We're really enjoying the meal. Can we have some more bread please?
I'm sorry, but there isn't enough bread for everyone. Can we have some more?
Excuse me, can we have some more bread please? We've finished ours.
Do you have any money?
I forgot my wallet at home. Do you have any money?
No, I'm sorry, I do not have any money.
Excuse me, do you have any money? I need some change.
For how many nights?
I don't know yet. For how many nights will I be staying?
How long will you be staying?
Hello, welcome to our hotel. How long will you be staying with us?
I'm sorry, but we don't have any availability at the moment.
I need to know how long you will be staying with us.
I'd like a map of the city.
Excuse me, I'm new in town. I'd like a map of the city, please.
I'm lost and I don't know my way around the city.
Excuse me, can I have a map of the city please?
I'd like a non-smoking room.
I'd like a non-smoking room with a view of the city.
I specifically requested a non-smoking room, not a smoking one.
I'd like a room.
I'm sorry, but I'd like a room with a better view.
I'd like a room for tonight. I need a place to stay.
I'd like a room with two beds please.
I am traveling with a friend and we would like a room with two beds please.
I'm sorry, but we only have rooms with one bed available.
I will be staying with a friend and we prefer separate beds.
I need a doctor.
I feel unwell and I need a doctor to check on me.
I feel really sick and I need a doctor urgently.
I'm feeling very sick and need to see a doctor.
Is there a nightclub in town?
I heard there is a nightclub in town. Is it true?
I'm looking for some nightlife options. Is there a nightclub in town?
Is there a restaurant in the hotel?
I'm feeling hungry. Is there a restaurant in the hotel?
I don't want to eat at the hotel restaurant.
I'm hungry. Is there a restaurant in the hotel?
Is there a store near here?
I'm looking for a store near here to buy some groceries.
I need to buy something urgently. Is there a store near here?
Excuse me, is there a store near here? I need to buy something.
Sorry, we don't have any vacancies.
I'm sorry, but we don't have any vacancies at the moment.
Sorry, we don't have any vacancies at the moment.
Sorry, we don't have any vacancies at the moment. Our hotel is fully booked.
Take me to the Marriott Hotel.
I just arrived in the city and I would like to go to the Marriott Hotel.
I do not want to stay at the Marriott Hotel.
I have a reservation at the Marriott Hotel.
What's the charge per night?
I'm interested in booking a room. What's the charge per night?
I'm on a tight budget, so I need to know the charge per night.
I'm interested in booking a room. What's the charge per night?
What time is check out?
I had a great stay at the hotel. What time is check out?
I need to know what time check out is.
I need to know what time I have to leave the accommodation.
Where is the airport?
I need to catch my flight. Where is the airport?
Sorry, I don't know the area well. Where is the airport?
I'm new to this city. Can you please tell me where the airport is?
Where's the mail box?
I need to send a letter, but I'm not sure where the mail box is.
I'm not sure where the mailbox is. Can you help me?
Excuse me, do you know where the mail box is?