It looks like you’re new here.
Hey there! It looks like you're new here. Welcome!
I'm sorry, but you seem unfamiliar with this place.
Excuse me, but I haven't seen you around before.
It looks like you don’t know what happened.
It looks like you don’t know what happened, but I'll fill you in.
I'm sorry, but it looks like you don't know what happened.
Based on your confused expression, it looks like you don’t know what happened.
Perhaps she knows the answer.
I'm not sure, but perhaps she knows the answer. Could you ask her?
I'm not sure about the answer. Perhaps she knows the answer.
I’d say it’s over 9 A.M now.
I’d say it’s over 9 A.M now. That's a good time to start the meeting.
I’d say it’s over 9 A.M now. I should start getting ready for work.
If I had to take a guess, I’d say he’s 40.
If I had to take a guess, I’d say he’s 40. He looks very youthful and energetic for his age.
If I had to take a guess, I’d say he’s probably around 40, but I'm not sure.
If I had to take a guess based on his appearance, I’d say he’s 40.
Maybe he wants to quit his job.
He seems really stressed lately. Maybe he wants to quit his job to pursue something he's passionate about.
Maybe he wants to quit his job because he is constantly stressed.
Maybe he wants to quit his job because he seems unhappy.
Maybe it’s going to rain.
I see some dark clouds forming in the sky. Maybe it’s going to rain.
Chances are you’re doing it wrong
If you keep practicing, chances are you'll eventually get it right.
Based on your track record, chances are you're doing it wrong.
Based on the way you're approaching it, chances are you're doing it wrong.
He could be right about it.
From the research I've done, he could be right about it.
I'm not sure, but he could be right about it.
Based on the evidence, it seems plausible that he could be right about it.
I guess you are over 30 years old.
Based on your knowledge and experience, I guess you are over 30 years old.
I guess you are over 30 years old because of your grey hair.
I saw your high school graduation photo.
It’s difficult to say, but I think this is the best English course.
After comparing different options, I think this is the best English course for me.
It’s difficult to say, but I think this is the best English course on the market right now.
I’m not really sure, but I think this is the last morning train.
I’m not really sure, but I think this is the last morning train. I remember checking the schedule earlier.
I’m not really sure, but I think this is the last morning train. I hope I didn't miss it.
Sorry, I'm not entirely sure, but I think this is the last morning train schedule.