That’s too bad.
Oh no, that's too bad. I was really hoping for a different outcome.
That's too bad. I was really hoping for a better outcome.
Oh no, I was really hoping for a different outcome.
How disappointing!
Oh no, I was really looking forward to that. How disappointing!
I was really looking forward to that, but it got canceled.
Oh, I was really looking forward to it. How disappointing!
That’s so disappointing!
Oh no, I was really looking forward to that. That's so disappointing!
I was really looking forward to that, but it was canceled.
I was really looking forward to that, but it's canceled.
Oh no, what a shame!
Oh no, what a shame! The store is closed already.
Oh no, what a shame! I was really looking forward to that event.
Oh no, what a shame! I was really hoping for better results.
It’s a great shame.
After working so hard, it's a great shame that I didn't win.
It’s a little bit disappointing, isn’t it!
I was really looking forward to seeing that movie, but it was a little bit disappointing, isn't it!
I was really looking forward to this event, but it got cancelled. It’s a little bit disappointing, isn’t it!
It didn’t live up to my expectations.
I was really looking forward to this, but it didn't live up to my expectations.
I was really looking forward to this movie, but it didn't live up to my expectations.
What a pity!
What a pity! I was really looking forward to that.
What a letdown!
I was really looking forward to this, but what a letdown!
After waiting in line for hours, the concert was canceled. What a letdown!
What a bummer!
What a bummer! I was really looking forward to that.
After waiting in line for hours, the concert was canceled. What a bummer!
What a bummer! I was really looking forward to that concert.
That’s a nuisance!
That’s a nuisance! I was really hoping for a better outcome.
Oh no, not again! That's a nuisance!
That's a nuisance! I was hoping for a smoother process.
I thought you could do better.
I had high expectations for you. I thought you could do better.
I had high expectations, but I thought you could do better.
I had higher expectations for you, but you disappointed me.
I’ve never been so disappointed in my life.
After months of training, I didn't make the team. I’ve never been so disappointed in my life.
After all the effort I put in, I've never been so disappointed in my life.
After months of hard work, I did not get the promotion.
It wasn’t as good as I thought it would be.
I was really looking forward to it, but it wasn't as good as I thought it would be.
I had high expectations for this, but it wasn't as good as I thought it would be.