Could you please…
Excuse me, but could you please help me with this?
Could you please not interrupt me while I'm speaking?
Would you please help me pick out a shirt?
Do you mind…?
Do you mind lending me your pen for a moment?
Do you mind not interrupting me while I'm working?
Excuse me, do you mind helping me with this?
Do you think you could…?
Do you think you could help me with this task, please?
Do you think you could... lend me some money?
Excuse me, do you think you could lend me a hand?
Do you think it would be possible to…?
Do you think it would be possible to help me carry this out?
Do you think it would be possible to lend me some money?
Do you think it would be possible to have a meeting sometime next week?
Would it be possible for you to…?
Would it be possible for you to please help me carry this out?
I understand you are busy, but would it be possible for you to...?
Would it be possible for you to lend me a hand?
Would there be any possibility of…
Would there be any possibility of you helping me with this task?
Would there be any possibility of getting a refund for this item?
Excuse me, would there be any possibility of borrowing your pen?
Would you be kind enough to…?
Would you be kind enough to help me carry this heavy box?
Would you be kind enough to not disturb me right now?
Excuse me, would you be kind enough to lend me your pen?
Would you mind…?
Would you mind helping me choose a shirt?
Would you mind not talking so loudly during the movie?
Would you mind lending me your pen for a moment?
Could you… for me, please?
Could you please send me the file? It's urgent.
Can you please pick up some groceries for me, please?
Could you possibly…
Could you possibly help me find the nearest train station?
Could you possibly not ask me so many questions right now?
Could you possibly lend me a hand with this task?
I’d appreciate it if you could…
I’d appreciate it if you could lend me a hand with this.
Hey, sorry to bother you, but I'd appreciate it if you could help me with this.
I’d appreciate it if you could help me with this task.
Can I ask you to…?
Can I ask you to kindly lend me your pen?
Can I ask you to not interrupt me while I'm speaking?
Excuse me, could I ask you to help me carry this out?
You couldn’t… could you?
You couldn't help me with this, could you?
I'm sorry to bother you, but you couldn't help me with this, could you?
Sure, I’d be glad to…
Sure, I’d be glad to help you carry this out.
No, I'm sorry, I can't help you with that right now.
Sure, I’d be glad to help you with that task.
I’d be happy to …
I’d be happy to help you with that task.
I’d be happy to help, but I don't have the time.
I’d be happy to help you with that if you need.
Sure. Just a moment.
Sure. Just a moment. Let me check if I can help you.
Sure. Just a moment. I'm in the middle of something right now.
Sure. Just a moment. I will help you with that request.
No problem.
No problem, I can help you with that.
No problem, but could you please turn the volume down a bit?
Of course
Of course, I'll be happy to assist you with that.
Of course, I would be happy to help you with that.
Certainly.
Certainly! I would be more than happy to assist you.
Certainly, I cannot grant that request due to policy restrictions.
Certainly, I can help you with that task.
All right.
All right. I am ready to start working on it.
No, I do not want to do that right now.
All right. Could you please pass me the salt, please?
I’m sorry, I can’t.
I’m sorry, I can’t help you with that task right now.
I apologize, but I can't lend you any money.
I'm sorry, I can't help you with that right now.
I’m sorry, but …
I’m sorry, but could you please help me with this?
I’m sorry, but I can't help you with that request.
I’m sorry, but I am unable to complete this task.
I’d loved to, but …
I’d loved to, but I have a prior commitment.
I’d loved to, but I can't because I have other plans.
I’d loved to, but I have a prior commitment that day.
Sorry to say that …
Sorry to say that, but can you please turn down the music?
Sorry to say that, but I cannot attend your event tonight.
Sorry to say that I won't be able to attend the meeting.
It sounds great, but …
 It sounds great, but I am feeling a bit overwhelmed with the workload.
It sounds great, but I'm afraid I can't join you tonight.
It sounds great, but I need more information.